### Tag : Flipkart

# Two Forms as Filters

### Create a frontend system having below features [Flipkart 2021 - UI Developer]

## Left side of UI

- A small form containing radio buttons, two text boxes and submit button.
- The radio buttons needs to be implemented in form of small circles having specific size.
- The two text boxes are labelled as **Title** and **Subtitle**
- The background of radio buttons needs to be colored. The color needs to be randomly generated by calling an API that was given to me.
- The purpose of the form is to act as a filter. It could take input in different form of combinations such as by selecting color, color + inputting title, color + subtitle, color + title + subtitle.
- Based on the input given, the final output will be filtered accordingly.
- The final output is nothing but a list of rectangular boxes having specific color as background and containing title or subtitle based on filter selected.
- Say, if you choose blue color, then all those rectangles having blue color will be displayed.
- Say, if you choose green color and input title as "Title1" then all the rectangles having color green and title "Title1" will be displayed.
- Say, if you choose any filter which doesn't match with any rectangles then no rectangles will be displayed.

## Right side of UI

- The left and right side of UI is to be separated by a thick black line.
- The features for the right side are as below:
- Another form needs to be implemented containing 2 text boxes, several radio buttons whose background colors is to be fetched by calling the API given to me and a submit button.
- Again the 2 text boxes are labelled as **Title** and **Subtitle**
- Based on the type of input given, a corresponding rectangle will get generated to the left hand side of the UI.
- Say, if you choose red color and give title as **"Hello"** then a rectangle with red background color gets generated with the title **"Hello"**
